Create README.md (#122)
BIBSYSDEV/NVA-scenarios: README.md

# NVA-scenarios
MVP scenarios for NVA

> This project contains the scenario descriptions for NVA. These describe the desired and implemented functinoality as Gherkin features and may be run as autmoated tests with glue code to validate the functionality of a functioning NVA instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains the scenario descriptions for NVA. These describe the desired and implemented functionality as Gherkin features and may be run as automated tests with glue code to validate the functionality of a functioning NVA instance.
```
